Title: Who Will Replace Jeremy Clarkson?

----

Subtitle: 

----

Intro: Find out who's who in the running to replace Clarkson...

----

Coverimage: top-gear.jpg

----

Date: 2018-11-16

----

Text: 

Everyone agrees that the BBC will struggle to replace Top Gear’s bigmouth in chief Jeremy Clarkson. The new presenter will need to have a fat head, the ability to tolerate co-presenters James May and Richard Hammond and ideally be able to restrain themselves from visiting physical violence upon members of the production team. It’s a tall order, but the BBC need a new buffoon ASAP if they’re going to keep the Top Gear cash cow on the road.

But who’s in the running? Always prepared to go the extra few yards for its readership, The Circus popped into the local branch of William Hill to find out.

Stephen Fry 5/1
(image: stephen-fry.jpg)
Fry’s large head, public school background and enthusiasm for motoring mean that he’s currently the favourite in this race. The BBC are said to be especially keen on the idea that they could put him in Clarkson’s cast-off denims and American viewers would never notice the difference. However, talks are said to have stalled at Fry’s insistence at being accompanied at all times by Alan Davies.

Boris Johnson 10/1
(image: boris-johnson.jpg)
The Mayor of London is fat headed, public school educated and not the least bit afraid of putting his foot in his mouth. In many ways the perfect candidate, it’s up to Boris to decide whether he’d rather host Top Gear or be Prime Minister.

Elizabeth Barrett Browning 19/1
(image: elizabeth-barrett-browning.jpg)
The 19th century poetess is known to have a keen interest in motorsport and has previously appeared as a presenter on Channel 5’s rival Fifth Gear programme. The fact that she’s been dead since 1861 is likely to raise some logistical issues, but if these can be overcome she could make the perfect foil to Hammond and May.

George from Rainbow 25/1
(image: george-rainbow.jpg)
Understood to be a popular candidate among BBC insiders, the pink hippo puppet could be brought in to give the show a more measured, considerate tone. George also has many years of experience of working with difficult co-presenters, although the fact that he has no legs could make the driving side of the role difficult.

Archbishop Rowan Williams 40/1
(image: archbishop-rowan-williams.jpg)
The former Archbishop of Canterbury is thought to be keen on the idea of joining the BBC’s flagship motoring show, but disqualification from driving in 2014 for repeated aggravated parking offences may stand against him.

Mr Toad 100/1
(image: mr-toad.jpg)
Kenneth Grahame’s fictional amphibian seems on paper to be perfect man (or toad) for the job. However, Disney, who currently own the rights to Mr Toad are unlikely to give permission to use the character.

----

Tags: TV